no way to contact their customer service . very bad quality . 
the 2600 had false silver plate instead of play display . the case had ad2600 . bait and switch . picture on web site clearly has the play display pictured , yet false silver plate . what is up . clearly a large lawsuit if i were so inclined . i feel that once i contact amazon that they will get to the bottom of this . 
i think most of you people complaining about no video is due to you hitting the wrong button either the p/n = pal / ntsc or the i/p is set to progressive scan . another stupid move . 
i purchased two of these players for christmas gifts , and both were bad . the first one would n't work from the start . the second lasted about two weeks before the video went out ! amazon.com promptly refunded my money for the first one , because a replacement was not available ( thanks amazon.com ! i am still trying to resolve the problem with the second one . i have tried several times to contact apex digital through their on-line support site and their telephone line , but they wo n't answer my emails and their telephone line is always busy . i will never buy another apex digital product ! 
what the hell is wrong with this thing . i bought this thing because it plays everything . this is the third apex dvd i bought . the first one was the 705 which i hacked successfully to play all region dvds and disable macrovision . the second one was the 2500 which i think is better than the 2600 because it has more features such as karoake which i do use sometimes for parties . but heck it plays my alias dvds . what the heck is up with the 2600 . it suppose to play everything . wrong ! by the way my alias dvds are legit too not no bootleg from the internet . i 'm sending this pup back to amazon and looking for the 2500 on ebay . you should too . forget about the sleek looks if it can 't play some of your real dvds. 
hi , many people are saying , " you get what you pay for , i guess . " well that is not true . you could have paid more and got a lot less . i paid $ 49 and now it 's $ 125 ! you have to ask yourself , " how much money is dissapointment worth ? " because , you will be dissapointed . then you can say , " my dissapointment only cost $ 39 . " i think a $ 39 dissapointment is better then a $ 125 dissapointment ! so , without further adoo . 1 ) frame freezes and the family yells , " dad ! somethings wrong with the dvd player ! come quick ! " 2 ) the remote works , but then it does not work , and you are left standing there thinking you are doing something wrong . 3 ) you must press the play button and hold it for a couple of seconds otherwise it will not work and you will think the whole unit is broken . 4 ) it did play my jpeg photos but wow , trying to figure it out was really something ! 5 ) this apex model 2600 will not work with my universal remote control . i dare you to surf the net and find the code . you will be told goldstar codes work , and you will be told zenith codes will work , and radio shack will give you apex codes but they will not work . finally you will read a post somewhere that all codes are useless for the apex 2600 . and then you will start to belive them . if this is your fist dvd player . save yourself some aggrivation .  
noiseless , lightweight and oh yeah . works great ! silverish color really adds a special touch . who cares if it does n't have multiple slots ? it plays just about any format ( check before you buy if it plays yours . ) if you watch dvds once in a while like i do , get this ! apex is made in usa and is one of the underrated brands out there . if you watch one dvd per weekm its yours . however , i do n't know the dvd 's performance on a heavy load of every-day viewing . either way , can 't go wrong with this price . 
i purchased this as a christmas gift on 12-4 - 03 . it worked from 12-26 to 1-9 at which time the picture failed completely ( see other negative reviews-my unit was n't the only one this happened to . ) i tried calling the support number for a week , several times a day , and always got a busy signal . i also registered the unit online and posted two messages to the apex support person ( there can 't possibly be more than one ! neither message was answered ( they ask for 24 hours before replying - i 've been waiting 27 days . ) i finally returned the unit to the company along with copies of my messages and return info . let me quote a customer service rep from one of the authorized apex service locations in my state ( they only service apex tv 's , not dvd players ) : " you can send it in , but i would n't count on ever seeing it or a replacement again .  
i have had this dvd player for about 3 months now . nothing has broken on it , and it plays all the dvds i have . unfortunately it can 't play all of the dvd . i have several tv shows on dvd so they are divided by episode . on 2 dvds so far it refuses to play certain episodes with no problems on the others on the dvd . luckily i also have a ps2 which can play those episodes the player can 't . unfortunately i bought a player because the ps2 could n't play all my dvds , and now the player can 't play everything . 
we 've purchased 3 universal remotes so far-all claiming to work " apex " dvd players and none worked . called customer service and basically was told to either keep buying univ. remotes to try or buy the replacement remote for $ 23 ( which is almost half of what i paid for the whole player ) . if anybody knows of a remote to work this-i 'd love to hear from you ! ( on here of course ) also , a couple dvd 's would n't play and they were new ones ! 
bought this player after reading the reviews here which identify it as reading most formats including dvd + rw 's and vcd 's . can 't say whether i rec 'd an " updated " model but it will not read dvd + rw 's or vcd 's for me . it did play a dvd-r which was unplayable in my older philips machine . i do n't have a dvd + r to try so . mixed bag i guess but the price was right . 
purchased the ad-2600 about a month ago and have had numerous problems with it . the most recent is that it will stop responding to the on/off button . the light goes from red to green but no display or any operation whatsoever . i end up unplugging it from the wall for a few hours and when i try again it will work fine.at least until this problem arises again . i 've registered this unit at www.apexdigialinc.com and listed the problem . they claim to respond in a 24 hour period yet it 's been 2 weeks without a reply . i 've sent 10 e-mails to their customer service department requesting an ra with no response . i 've called the service number and if it 's not busy , it rings forever then eventually dumps you . once i actually got to an answering machine and left a message . still no response . i will never purchase anything from this company ever again and have logged my complaint with the bbb .  
bought one for $ 49.99 . seemed like a good deal , but this pos frequently cannot recognize dvds and music cds -- takes a long time loading and then concludes , " no disc " . sent mine back . i 'd look elsewhere .  
i was impressed by this very inexpensive player.for the first three hours , and then it died . i was told that it is no longer available , so there must be something really wrong with it . 
