this is the third apex product i 've bought and they continue to impress for the price . it goes nicely with my apex 27 " in my bedroom . the build quality feels solid , it does n't shake or whine while playing discs , and the picture and sound is top notch ( both dts and dd5.1 sound good ) . i paid twenty dollars more than the current price , and even then it was a steal . 
i purchased two apex 2600 for christmas presents . so far we have only hooked up one of them . the unit seems to play all formats that i have put in it ( jpeg , kodak pic 's and dvd-r ) i have read other reviews and some good and soom not so good , but my feeling at this time is " two thumbs up " ! ( i guess only time will tell ? ) p.s the remote control does seem to get confused at times and doesnt respond but it may be just operator error ? 
this is wonderful to have for your first dvd player . i brought it for my sister in college and she loves it ! apex is the best cheap quality brand for dvd players . also , very light and portable . 
i bought this player during a christmas sale at an excellent price . however , i should have followed my instincts : you get what you pay for . one of the dvd 's i received as a christmas present kept freezing . some dvd 's i rented would not play . now , i suddenly have no picture . i will say this . when the player was working it was great ,but . 
unit worked great for 3 weeks then video output failed . 
i finally joined the 21st century and bought this dvd player . i knew nothing about dvds before this but with this machine i figured it all out very quickly . i only wanted something to play dvds on but this machine has all these other features that i probably will never use but it 's nice to know that there 're there . the machine is very light and slim and fits nicely into my tv stand . i 've had no problems at all so far and i 'm very happy . i applied a $ 25 amazon gift voucher i got for christmas so i only ended up paying $ 29 for this machine . even if i had paid full price i would have considered this a good deal . 
i wanted a dvd player that had basic features and would be able to play dvd - r format disc 's that i had made myself . when i 1st tried it i found that it had no problem playing the more expensive dvd - r media disc 's that other players would play but to my surprise was able to play cheep media that i had burned that i could n't get to work before in anything but the dvd burner itself that i had made the disc with . easy to use , small form factor , and looks good to boot . very happy ! 
for the most part this is a good dvd player . but about 25 % of dvd 's i 've played on ithave a problem , when watching a movie the picture will freeze , but the dvd still plays , and eventualy the picture kicks back in after skipping a few moments . usually i just skip to the next chapter to avoid it . annoying . 
the one i purchased for a frend as a gift will not read any dvd disc . it will read and play all cd audio disc . guess i will return it for an exchange and hope for the best with the new one . so far not going to get a good review . a disipointed customer . 
i am really impressed by this dvd player . if it can fit in the drive bay , this dvd player will play it . for instance , i made several back-ups of my dvd movies using dvd-r ( w ) and + r ( w ) and it plays the dvds . no matter the format . awesome ! 
i accually did n't buy the apex ad-2600 from amazon but , the reviews i found here helped me purchase it . i have owned an apex ad-3201 for close to 3 years now and i love that deck . because of it 's hidden features ( no macrovision , non-regional ) i keep this baby around to watch non-american region dvd 's . however , the ad-2600 does n't have this feature ( for now ) . the cool thing about the ad-2600 it plays alot of different file like mp3 , wma cds , jpeg and kodak picture cds , dvd 's , dvd - / + r 's . it 's not a listed feature but , the one thing that sold the unit is that it plays mpeg video . i find this to be a great feature . i 've tried playing all of these discs and they all play great . for the money apex machines have good features . you can 't find the mpeg playback on high priced units . it 's low profile , space saving design looks nice . i find the apex ad-2600 to be a great buy . 
wow ! simple to use and hook up . comes with standard rca jacks for output , along with s-video output ( s-video cable not included , must be purchased seperately ) and also component video outputs . the progressive scan option can be turned off easily by a button on the remote control which is one of the simplest and easiest remote controls i have ever seen or used . i also own an " apex ad 1201 " dvd player and have had no problems with it since i purchased it almost 1 1/2 years ago . one big difference between the 1201 and the 2600 models is that the 2600 model is virtually silent . and does n't need to be placed in a cabinet like the 1201 does . friends of mine who own apex tv sets are also all very pleased . i would not hesitate to purchase this if you are uncertain of the brand name . consider it for a future gift too !  
after having bought and been disappointed in another brand of dvd player , i purchased the apex ad2600 from amazon and first of all i should say it was delivered much more quickly than i had expected . ( good going , amazon ). i am very pleased with the apex ad2600.it plays just about anything you put in the drawer . so far i 've played regular dvd 's , backup dvd-r 's , mp3 cd 's , and regular cd 's . i have not yet tried the photo show capability , but i 'm thinking that will probably work well too , based on the success with the above mentioned disks . i do want to mention too that it is certainly worthwhile to read the instruction manual that comes with the unit . the comments i 've read about having problems with this dvd player all seem to stem from pushing the incorrect buttons on the dvd remote.for instance , pushing the button to play pal ( european type ) movies , when an ntsc ( usa type ) movie disk is in the disk tray . so , if you read the instructions well , you should n't have any problems with this dvd unit . i can 't speak to its long-term reliability , as i 've only had the apex ad2600 for a little over a week at this point . but , it seems to work so well now , that i do n't anticipate any problems with it . bottom line for me is that for the price i do n't think you can go wrong at all by purchasing this dvd player . 
it plays all my back-ups , + or - , and everything else i have put in it without a hick up . audio is excellent . well worth the money . 
i bought this for my dad for christmas . when i hooked it up it only produced sound - a cd played fine , but with a dvd i only got the audio - no picture ! let 's face it - when you want to watch a movie you want to see a picture . as i travelled internationally and did n't want to haul it back on a plane with me it was an expensive addition to the recycling bin . had to buy my dad a different dvd player locally ( panasonic ) which worked just fine . save your cash - go for a brand that actually cares about their reputation . 
i bought this apex 2600 dvd player for myself at christmas because it got good reviews as a good value for the money on a variety of different sites . i took it to my father 's house to play a tom jones concert dvd and he loved the player so much i gave it to him . now i need to buy myself another one ! have used it frequently and have had no problems . i always research electronics online before i buy because even within the same company , some models are better than others . i liked this one enough to buy another . my dad also has an apex tv and it was another great value for the money . great quality picture and features . 
thought i'd weigh in here with my stats . i 've bought 3 apex dvd players now . they play just about everything , but # 2 and # 3 died very shortly after getting them . i am back to using # 1 . nice machines , but i consider their quality pretty low now . 
i had to return the remote on this product because it appeared to be defective . it took over 2 months and repeated follow-up to get it replaced . the customer service dept did not list a toll free number and it was a real hassle to get through on their regular line . 
i purchased this as a christmas gift for my husband . we tried it out christmas night and it worked great . even viewed cds full of jpgs . we did n't get to use it again for over a month ( sad , i know ) . but when we went to use it again , there was sound but no picture . we saw reviews that said the same thing , and also saw here that their customer service stinks . though we were past the deadline for returns ( by a few days ) , i contacted amazon right away and pleaded for help . they authorized my late return , and hopefully they are giving apex heck . i hate apex but love amazon , and i tell everyone . do not buy this player . who knows how many uses you 'll get out of it before it craps out , but it probably will . 
i received this dvd player free with the purchase of a palm tungsten e from officemax . now i know why - they are pieces of junk . less than a month later the screen freezes and eventually shows " no disc . " this is the second apex dvd player i 've had - and the last . my first player ( model ad-500a ) went into the trash about 6 months after i bought it . same story as everybody else when trying to get service from apex - nothing . pay a few more bucks and get something else - it 'll be worth it in the long run . 
i purchased the ad 2600 from another company last month and was very satisfied with my purchase , until last night . i was watching pirates of the caribbean and decided to watch the extras disc . the player kept displaying " no disc " , so i tried the disc in another machine and sure as @ # * ! it worked . i even went as far as calling the technical support number on the disc . the person i talked to suggested i take the dvd player back and swap it out with another . the other company is currently " out of stock " so i ordered another from amazon and will be taking the original back to the competitor today . hopefully the replacement from amazon will work just fine . if not i will avoid apex products in the future . besides the one problem , this machine is amazing ! it plays everything , even vcd 's . if only it played stand alone avi files . if no problems occur with replacement unit i will keep the 4 star rating . if problem occurs again i will repost my new rating . 
i was surprised to find that not only could this dvd player play mpeg2 format which allowed me to stack 2 movies on a dvd , but it also was able to play vob files which i created with smart ripper . the aff feature did a great job converting the letterbox to fill 3/4 of the screen and the image still looked normal . loved the slim design . 
many of our disney movies do n't play on this dvd player . i spoke to a rep. at apex and was told that a new format is being used and we wont be able to view any disney movies made in the last couple months . 
only used for 3 month before it 's down ! i had hoped this was bought from walmart so that i could return it ! it sends discoutinous signals to tv , so the tv has the pictures for one moment and has only the white noise for the other moment . the other thing i do n't like about this 2600 is that it makes the color look over saturated . maybe it 's good for tvs with not so good color settings , but not good for my tv that already has very vibrant pictures . 
received apex dvd and the picture was great when set up with s connector . the remote is a little hard to understand . my jpeg pictures are viewable ( not so sharp and vivid ) on my 27 " screen but seem not as clear as when i view them on my 17 " monitor . so far the dvd works so i hope it does n't break down like the reviews i 've read . prior to christmas , it seems the reviews were very good but after that it seems the reviews went bad ! i would n't gotten this dvd based on the reviews i read after christmas .  
i 've owned 6 or 7 dvd players since 1998 . this is by far the nicest one , in so many ways . it 's very sleek looking with a very good front panel button layout , and it has a great feature set . its fast-forward and rewind work much more smoothly and consistently than those of other models i 've had . it plays alternate video formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well . and amazon.com has it for such a great price -- how can you go wrong ? i 've bought one for the den and will buy a 2nd one for the bedroom . strengths are well listed by other reviewers . what got me to buy was the reviewer that said it would play dvd-rs fill of files ( e. , mp3s ) . it sure does ! that 's a rare and valuable feature . i have a dvd burner on my computer and a zillion mp3s , and it 's a lot nicer to access them 4.5 gb at a time ( dvd-r ) than 0.7 gb at a time ( cd-r ) ! another nice thing is that the unit has both optical and coax digital audio outputs , though the latter was not mentioned in the literature i 'd scanned before buying . saved me from having to buy an expensive optical cable , as i already had a coax cable . at double-speed ( 2x forward speed ) , it still plays mp3s with sound -- they are pitch-corrected and smooth , but twice as fast ! i wish it would do the same for movies , but that 's one rare / cool feature you will have to forgo . weaknesses are minor : the feel and layout of the remote control are only so-so ; it does n't show the complete filenames of mp3s with really long names ; you must cycle through every zoom setting ( 2x , 3x , 4x , 1/2x , etc. ) before getting back to normal size [ sorry if i 'm just ignorant of a way to get back to 1x quickly ] . if you 're a bargain hunter and you want a great feature set for a rock-bottom price , i highly recommend this model . update : the finish is more " mirror " than silver -- and i like it ! 
i just got it today and have tried to verify the claims of other reviewers . no go on most formats . it plays original dvds and cds and plays mp3s and jpegs . however , it does not play windows media and i can not get it to play any of my divx rips . i guess that i can not complain since it does not actually claim to play vcd / svcd formats , but others say they can . also , it was only $ 39.99 ( after rebate ) with free shipping and no tax so overall it is a decent player . good quality video . 
i got one of these to serve as a second dvd player in my house . it 's a compact , attractive machine and was easy to set up . basic usage is easy , but the remote has a lot of buttons that i have n't used . so far , we 've only used this player a few times to watch movies and it has worked fine . the picture is clear , bright and sharp and the sound is good . again , though , it has only been used sparingly . the catch is that , while it plays movies just fine , it has refused to read second discs with the movie " extras " on them on the two occaisions when i tried to do that . it 's not a big deal for me . i simply watched the extra features on another player . had this been my only dvd player , though , it would have been a real problem . as it is , i 'm keeping the machine . it works well enough ( so far ) for me to be satisfied with it , and it 's possible that i 'm missing something . but i would expect that , since my movie discs have all played with no problem , the extras discs would , too , without any additional tweaking . i 'm giving this player cautious recommendation . there are a lot of things i like about it . be advised , however , that you may encounter problems . 
we have had this product for over a month and yesterday it stopped working . it is connected to an old television set via composite video and analog audio outputs . there was neither picture nor sound . connecting the same outputs to a video card in my computer , there was sound but still no picture . the trouble shooting section in the user 's manual , suggesting correct and secure connections , does n't help . i searched on the internet and found one tip which solved our problem : press i/p button on the remote control . it makes the dvd player to switch between interlace mode and progressive scan mode . obviously there is no composite video output and different analog audio signals at progressive scan mode . we are overall pleased with product . i would have rated it five stars but for the poor manual . 
i will never use all the " whistles and bells " this machine is capable of . but for what i do use it is perfect . i was , however . somewhat disappointed that i could not " hook up " to my sony multi brand remote commander . small problem . 
i have had this player for 3 months and have been able to see a total of 6 dvd 's , after the frustration and aggrivation of getting the player to do it 's job . i have tried many times to get a hold of apex who does n't seem to answer their emails and telephone number is constantly busy as ( i believe ) the one lonely customer service rep is probably extremely overworked . as i emailed to the the customer service department , the only thing this player has done consistantly is use enought electricity to keep the red led burning . do yourself a favor and save your money to get something of better quality , or at least works . 
i had apex regular ( non-progressive ) dvd-player for two years . had no problem with it . now , i thought it 's time to upgrade . so , i bought apex ad-2600 in november ' 03 from amazon . it 's running great for all the dvds i have and rented . i have a dvd burner . i think , apex is the best dvd player you can get for the price . some of my friends had well branded dvd-players but they keep complaining that sometime it stucks and sucks ! most of them are already switched to apex and they are happy . if you are skeptical about trying apex . take my words and give it a try . hopefully you wo n't regret . goodluck ! 
i purchased this unit 3 months back and i think the unit knew when my warrenty expires . it is more than 90 days and it does not show the picture no matter what i do . i can only hear the sound . i changed video cables , tried connecting to tv on input1 and input2 but no help . i think you get what you pay for stands true . 
hooray ! think you need to pay a fortune for a good qulaity dvd player ? well , not with this one . it looks really sleek and stylish , and does everything it claims . i tried as bunch of different formats to see if it would play and it did . i am very pleased with this product and the price to match and have n't had any problems . there are really easy directions for setup and fiddling around with the picture , zoom etc . so sit back , relax and brag to all your friends who paid a mountain of money for a dvd player that can 't do half the things this one can , and for a fraction of the price ! only problem , if you think it 's going to be delivered in the 24hrs amazon claims , do n't hold your breath . otherwise it 'll get there the day you get back from the hospital ! 
ok this is our first dvd player so what do i know . i checked out the amazon reviews and i 'm pleased to say mine worked , works , fine right out of the box . i like the auto fit feature = you can stretch widescreen dvd 's to normal . lot 's of other features that i need to find out about . looks ok - very shiny chrome and mirrors . things that i 'd prefer different - there 's a red light that shines when it 's turned off ! and the remote is cheap and cheasy - not sure how long it 'll last , but for 50 bucks what the heck ! 
for the price , it 's a very nice dvd player . the front door is miss aligned on my unit and you have to manually life it up just so slightly for the door to close , a very annoying thing after ahwile . it does play a wide range of formats as advertised which is very nice . and so far have not had any problems with dvds not being able to play . recommended to anyone looking to purchase a low priced dvd player and not expecting any bells or whistles from a brand name one like sony . 
this is probably one of the few dvd players at $ 40 that can play almost everything you throw at it . the plus points are - 1 . price 2 . ability to play most discs - i tried dvd , vcd , dvd-r , audio cd and it played all 3 . good looks the downside - 1 . the build quality shows why its so cheap - small scratches on the base plate , something that you would n't see on a sony and an overall plasticky feel 2 . remote buttons are small and closely spaced , especially with the menu buttons . if these otherwise minor issues can be fixed , i would rate this a 5 star machine . 
the physical appearance of this apex compared to one previous ( ad1100w ) is most appreciated . the prior one looked and felt lightweight , cheesy , and assembled by the oppressed : i purchased it for it 's easy ability to accept cd-r hacks . i used it lightly , and it lasted just over one year ( forgot to kill the power one day , and now it only plays dvds ). back to the 2600 : 1 . it does n't smell like burning plastic when you open the drive . 2 . without a doubt the finest looking apex dvd player that i 've seen . 3 . excellent picture quality - on par with my pioneer , panasonic , and jvc players . 4 . remote : you can stand it on end ( harder to lose ) , and it 's far better designed than the 1100s . anyway , the initial impression is much better than when i opened the box on the 1100 over a year ago - you can telll that apex is trying harder to improve their product . i 'd have given it 5 stars , but i 'm waiting to see if this one holds up to more frequent use than the last one : with progressive scan , i expect it to play play play - and give my old pioneer a rest . 
player has a problem with dual-layer dvd 's such as alias season 1 and season 2 . for the money , get a better quality player . player works and looks great - if you can get the dvd 's to play . i know the saying is " you get what you pay for " but at this stage of game dvd players must have better quality than this - there is no excuse . will never purchase apex again . customer service and technical support are overloaded and nonresponsive - tells you about the quality of their products and their willingness to stand behind them . pass this player up , and never believe the reviews on a product right before christmas ! 
what can i say , i bought the ad600 2 years ago and it was probly the best dvd player ever , quality design , stable , plus it uses a standard ide interface so you can use an old dvd drive from your computer if the player dies . in the last month i bought the apex ad-1600 and the ad-1220 . and have returned both . the ad-1600 did n't work corectly from the start and the ad-1220 lasted about a week and a half before it started to act up . my recommendation is to wait on buying one from this company as they will surely get sent a message of many returned dvd players after christmas 2003 . i hoping they will then begin building quality dvd players again , as i do like them . it really does n't make any cents $ $ to build a great reputation then destroy it from lack a research and testing in one season . amazon is awaesome ! they refunded my $ $ $ so fast and paid for the shipping back . what more could you ask for . 
for the first few weeks , this player was everything i expected it to be , an affordable multi-format dvd player with a stylish slim case as advertised . then my dvds would stop playing in the middle , or not even be read at all . new cds almost always began skipping after a few plays . i thought it was just the player , but then i started checking the discs to find that the apex 2600 is actually ruining my media . there are funny little ridges on the dvd that look like the slice of a tree trunk ! this player is not worth any price and i recommend that you do n't purchase it . i intend to contact the company , but from what i 've read . i just got screwed out of fifty bucks . apex does n't answer the phone . * sigh . 
the apex 2600 has been a steady performer for me . i bought mine in december of 2003 , and have had no real problems with it . it does tend to run quite hot and should be given lots of room for air circulation . it did also seem to have a strong " new electronics " smell for some time . the only thing i did experience was a problem of the player freezing while playing , which i was able to clear by opening it up and blowing it out with " canned air . " this problem vanished after the first month , so i assume it was a temporary dust issue . the two main reasons i had for getting this model were the range of disks types played and the recommendation of a friend . ( he had owned two apex dvd players , and was pleased with both of them . ) the fact that this model would play jpeg slideshows was a big plus for me as a visual artist , and i discovered by accident ( it is not mentioned anywhere in the literature ) that it will play mpeg1 files on a regular cd-r data disk without vcd formatting . the remote is okay , but i am not a fan of remotes with tiny buttons . i especially like the more commonly used buttons , such as play , pause , and stop , to be larger and conveniently placed . while it is true that it will stand on end , it is also easy to knock over that way . i also did n't like the way it displayed information way down into the screen when you are in zoom mode . the zoom goes up and down in magnification , which is nice , but there is always a display of the zoom size about one-quarter of the way down from the top of the screen that interferes with viewing at most settings . having spent considerable time with professional video gear , i find onscreen displays annoying . i have not used the progressive scan feature . this model has come down in price since i purchased mine . while it seems like some people have had trouble with theirs , mine has run well , and i would recommend it if you are considering a dvd player purchase . any possible problems should be weighed against the bang-for-the-buck factor , along with the fact that companies like apex seldom have good after-sale support . while i would like to give it 3.5 stars instead of 4 , i gave it a 4 because it has run well for me during the time i have owned it . 
i bought 2 of this model for christmas presents and neither one of them work ! it is embarassing getting phone calls from family members telling you that the dvd player you gave them less that 3 months ago is no longer working . one stopped working in february and the other in march . amazon has been working with me to refund my money , but they reminded me that i have past the 30 day return policy and this was a courtesy return . i have had great experience with amazon , but i will probably not buy electronics any more from them to avoid any future return problems . the dvd player does not work properly . the player usually plays dvd 's , but has occasional problems such as : 1 ) not recognizing a dvd 2 ) stopping a particular point in a movie every time we played it 3 ) not being able to access certain special features on a rental dvd . this has happened with several different dvd 's and occasionally if we keep trying something , it will work when it did not work one time before . after we discovered the problems , we tried to contact apex ( fkor 3 months ) , but we never got in touch with them.the customer support telephone number is always busy , and they do not answer their web customer support . 
i purchased the ad2600 after feeling comfortable with the reviews i read here on amazon . as soon as i lifted the unit out of the box , i questioned my judgement . the entire unit was poorly crafted . there were sharp screw tips on the underside of the unit coming from inside that were obviously used to anchor the internal control board . after hooking the thing up , i found that it would only played less than 50 % of the dvds i put in it . most of the dvds i was trying were fairly new and were in great condition . the dvd player just would't recognize them . it would spin , read , spin some more and then show on the display that there was no disc . i ended up sending the unit back to amazon . 
we ordered two apex ad-2600 's for our family for christmas - finally decided to join the rest of the world and watch dvd 's - well . the first one we installed did n't work , and our kids were devastated to say the least . the second one is up and running . it seems to be working fine , but we 've not used it all that much . i am returning the broken one today . i will not be ordering another one to replace it . update : january 27th 2004 - the second one crapped out only after a week - dont buy this product ! 
the player looked good right out of the box , offering lots of features and good styling . i immediately had problems getting the player to recognize two of my favorite dvds . after " loading " for what seemed like a very long time , the display indicated " no disk " . after multilple tries , one of the disks was finally recognized but video was poor and features not available . only one disk played through to completion successfully . at $ 49 . i guess you get what you pay for . i 'd recommend against this unit . 
it looks great - and is loaded with features . unfortunately it turns out to be the " disposable " type . have had problems since the first day - not playing some dvds and then finally after less than 60 days , it just would not recognize anything i pop in it . save money on the long run - buy something decent once instead of buying cheap every month . 
i bought this to replace an expensive ( $ 300 + ) onkyo dvd player that quit after only 3 years ! this has so many capabilities that you 'll always have room for new technologies as they evolve . i use this with a home theater system and it 's amazing how it sounds , the picture clarity is unmatched ! so much packed in a small case and very affordable !  
good : progressive scan player for a relatively low price ( although the better known manufacturers like toshiba , pioneer , and panasonic are now offering lower-priced progressive scan players as well ) . seems to read most dvds fine , and reads quietly ( i had a pioneer player that had fairly loud disc spin noise ) . also , i have not had trouble reading svcds that i created and vbr mp3 cds ( my old apex ad-1200 had trouble with these ) . output through component connections looks very good , on my non-hd tv . bad : i 've had this player for several months and it reads most discs , but it would not recognize several discs that were clean and read on other players ( from friends season 2 ) . it would just spin up and stop , and display " no disc " . my other gripe is the incredibly crappy remote , which is worse than other , cheaper apex units . for some reason they made the navigation buttons all one button , a ring around the enter / play button . you have to press the buttons hard and frequently i end up pressing enter when i meant to scroll . also , for some reason the picture looks washed out on s-video , with lots of color bleeding , compared to a component connection ( should not be much of a perceptible difference on a 27 " tv ). 
i 'm editing my review , because now i wish i read the manual before returning the player i bought for my girlfriend . the button on the remote to switch from pal to ntsc was undoubtedly my problem . now i may buy two ! ( my orignal review is below : ) great feature list , poor reliability . output went black and white only via both s-video and composite connections , and with no v-hold . thankfully amazon has free return shipping ! 
i bought this dvd player mainly because my old sharp dvd player could not play most of the dvds from the store that i rent from and i had to watch them using my pc 's dvd-rom player . well , this apex dvd player turned out great ! it plays basically every media i 've tested so far , even an old vcd that i ripped years ago and the rental dvd that could n't be played on my old $ 200 sharp player ! i have to say i 'm also pretty impressed by the user interface for playing jpeg , mp3 and mpeg files stored on cd-rs / dvds . it 's almost like having a media player / file manager built into the dvd player . i did not want to have high expectations for this apex player because of the price but it is definitely working out much better than what i would expect from an expensive high-end player . what more can you ask for from a $ 40 dvd player ? i guess i 'm just lucky to get a good working unit ! hope the unit lasts as i 've only had it for 3 days . and the slim form-factor together with the mirror-like front panel sure makes the player look cool and pricey ! one bad thing though , i find the remote-control a bit flimsy and i predict it will most probably ' die ' before the player does . finally , amazon 's free shipping is really getting good , it took only 3 working days for the player to reach me ! 
this dvd player plays raw mpeg2 and mpeg1 videos , jpeg , wma , cdr / cdrw / dvdr / dvdrw , and of course plays dvd movies from uk. i love the aiff , progressive scan feature . now it would have gotten 5 stars had this baby come with features to upgrade the firmware and was able to play divx or avi videos . but for $ 49.99 go get one ! features and looks this dvd player is overpriced had it come with sony or one of the other top brand names . 
repost from january 13 , 2004 with a better fit title . does your apex dvd player only play dvd audio without video ? or does it play audio and video but scrolling in black and white ? before you try to return the player or waste hours calling apex tech support , or run the player over with your car , try these simple troubleshooting ideas first . no picture : hopefully you still have the remote control . if you tossed it out the window , you need to fetch it . using the remote control , press the i/p button located on the bottom right corner of the remote . the i/p button switches the tv display between interlace and progressive . if this doesnt bring back the picture , try pressing this button without playing a dvd . if you dont get video back , now you can run the player over with your car ! picture scrolling in b/w : you need the remote control for this so you better get it from your dog before he burries it in the backyard . press the p/n button located on the bottom right corner of the remote . the p/n button switches your dvd players video output signal between pal and ntsc . by pressing p/n , you should be able to get a good picture on the screen . for other problems go to http://www.apexdigitalinc.com/support.asp i hope i have helped you continue to enjoy the apex dvd player with these troubleshooting tips . i have done some research and experimenting with the remote when my apex ad-2500 seemed to have lost its video signal . im a more happier person after discovering the i/p button ! the button was probably accidentally pushed to cause the black screen in the first place . but ,if you 're looking for my opinion of the apex dvd player , i love it ! it practically plays almost everything you give it . i 've had the player for about 2 years now and it still performs nicely with the exception of an occasional wwhhhrrr sound from the motor . for the price it is a well spent investment ! i would recommend buying one . 
i have not even used my new dvd player and already i am disapointed ! i have been trying for over a week to contact apex . they will not respond to my emails ( promised turnaround time is 24 hours ) and the phone line is constantly busy . all i am looking for is a rebate form ! 
if i could give this a negative rating , i would . i am surprised amazon still carries this after all of the continued problems . wo n't play a lot of discs . i can only confirm what other customers have said - crap ! some movies it played yesterday , it wo n't play today . it wo n't play 80 % of my movies , which are all store boughten . tech support from apex is literally - nonexistent . amazon , do your customers a big favor , do n't carry this item , and give them refunds ! there should have been a recall on this product . fair warning - do not buy . i repeat - do n't wast your money . 
this is the best dvd player i 've purchased . i 've owned a panasonic and sony dvd and this one outperforms in function and image quality and most of all , access speed . for those of you who has problems with this player , i 'd suggest checking the owners manual to get the right setting so that you are not displaying the wrong mode and have no picture , etc. this player has worked flawlessly for me and at this price , you can 't go wrong . 80 % of the features on here you will not get by spending $ 100 on a sony or panasonic . having said that , this is what you do . " add to cart " ! " check out " ! " enjoy " ! 
i looked into buying an inexpensive dvd player that had more than the standard set of features and this item seemed to be the best in that category . i just hooked it up and everything seemed to be going fine . there are a couple of quirks that were a bit annoying like having to actually press the power button before the tray will open ( my prev. machine did it automatically ) , and the fact that the external display is too small and too faded to read from any significant distance . still , i was willing to overlook those things as this unit looks sleek and has a myriad of features ! so i pop-in my first dvd and start to watch . i get to chapter 34 and everything freezes ! ok , that happens , so i try to skip the chapter . nothing ! i try navigating to a chapter past 34 via the menu and it would n't do it ! i try navigating using the player 's built in menu , and it still would n't work ! my next thought was that the dvd must be damaged . upon inspection i did find a small scratch on the surface and figured that to be the cause . i decided to check one more thing though and plugged in my 3-year - old unit again just to see . the dvd played without flaw through the chapter in question . i then played it through my ps2 and there was no problem there either . guess where this unit is headed ? yup , right back for a refund ! 
